add EnvoyFilter statement (#16477)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ambient/usage/l7-features/index.md

Usage of VirtualService with the ambient data plane mode is considered Alpha. Mixing with Gateway API configuration is not supported, and will lead to undefined behavior.
{{< /warning >}}

{{< warning >}}

> `EnvoyFilter` is Istio's break glass API for advanced configuration of Envoy proxies. Please note that `EnvoyFilter` is not currently supported for any existing Istio version with waypoint proxies. While it may be possible to use `EnvoyFilter` in limited use-cases, its use in waypoint proxies is not supported, is discouraged, and may break in future releases as the API evolves. We expect official support will be provided at a later date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EnvoyFilter` is Istio's break-glass API for advanced configuration of Envoy proxies. Please note that *`EnvoyFilter` is not currently supported for any existing Istio version with waypoint proxies*. While it may be possible to use `EnvoyFilter` with waypoints in limited scenarios, its use is not supported, and is actively discouraged by the maintainers. The alpha API may break in future releases as it evolves. We expect official support will be provided at a later date.
```

> {{< /warning >}}

Author: @istio/technical-oversight-committee as discussed in the meeting today.. added to the l7 features ambient doc as well as a note in release notes (above the What's New section).

Author: https://deploy-preview-16477--preliminary-istio.netlify.app/latest/docs/ambient/usage/l7-features/ and https://deploy-preview-16477--preliminary-istio.netlify.app/latest/news/releases/1.26.x/announcing-1.26/ show the blurb.
